OK so whenever we click on an element on a team we are just adding boats and pretty much what we do.
We just click in the elements and begin to just call to a function that is going to enter the database
to this particular team it's going to change the boats.
And then after it's done it's going to do a new network request for all the teams again and it's going
to render with a new state of boats.
So I'm going to go just right here to the item to each item and I'm going to add a function just an
On Click event so we can change it.
Unclick can say unclick is going to be equal.
And then we just trigger function.
So we're going to be calling to function.
And this function is going to be called This is going to be called this at Count.
You know again make sense now this kown dysfunction is going to take two arguments.
We need two arguments.
First it's going to be the amount of counts we have currently currently have with this team that is
going to go to the database is going to search that element is going to grab the counts and is going
to add one.
So that's why we need to count.
We need to add it to either one to save the new amount of boats on the server.
So the first thing we need is going to be the items that count.
So I'm going to say item that count.
Right.
So the second thing we need is going to be the ID of the team so we can change that team directly.
So going to say coma and getting past the I.D. of the team.
So it's going to be item that ID right now.
It's going to be creating this function because we didn't have it right now.
So I got to say I'm going to go right here I'm going to say count and this ad count function is going
to take two arguments.
All right.
It's going to take the count and it's going to take the ID Burguet.
So we need to do a fetch request.
And since this isn't is in rest API the Jasen server we can use patch.
All right.
So I'm going to you are going to fetch for now.
Now this Fetch is going to take a U R L and we have it right here inside localhost and teams.
The thing is is that to access a particular team we need to call it by id and it's going to access just
like this before slash and maybe the ID number two.
So I was going to enter it to the number two team the ID with the number two team with the ID of number
to get.
So I'm going to go right here.
Eric capitis you're all home and I'm just going to set up the location so I can use temporal strings.
That's going to be you are EHLO says we want to access a particular team are going to do for Slash and
then call whatever ID we are getting.
So I'm going to say gee we need to set up we need to set up this fetch.
So the first one is going to be the method and the method method.
Ergo it's going to be patch patch.
Very good.
Next we need to set the headers.
So I'm going to say headers and then just open and close.
The first thing is going to be the except.
So it's Except and this one is going to be application.
Jason so I'm going to ride application for Shlash.
Jason Burguet we're going to do in a coma and we need to set the content type.
So I'm going to say content content and then type and the content type is going to be the same pretty
much.
So I'm going to do this I can copy and paste right.
The next thing is going to be changing the whatever we or something says we need to change the account.
And when you choose to convert it to unstring going to coma and the body of this request is going to
be converted with Jason Dodd stratify.
And now what we need to do we need to pass the counts but it's going to be the count plus one.
So we want to modify the count.
We're going to modify the count and it's going to be equal to count that we have right here this argument.
But this one is going to be equal to count plus one.
We don't need a response for now because the response if you have a server you're not making a network
request to a server that it's going to return whatever you're modifying.
This is good but it's not good for us because we need to change the information right here.
If you're getting this maybe if you get the just the the the data for the team that you're modifying
you can just grab that data go to pull teams search it and just move that.
You know you can do that but you're not going to do that.
So what I'm going to do whenever this is done updating the information on the server I'm going to make
a new network request with this fetch pool and fetch pool.
It's going to go to the server and bring all the information again.
It will set the stage with the new boats state and then it's going to re render with the new information.
So I'm going to go right here the bottom I'm going to say Dot down and grab that callback.
So I'm going to do this open just parenthesis and then just call to the function.
And we're going to say this that fetch Paul back.
So whenever this is done calls fetch poll going to bring the data update the states and then it's going
every rendered data right.
So just go to the genome project and just reload the page.
And if I click in Golden State it should be our date in this.
All right.
So it's working.
Get now.
Now we need to have a conditional but you're not going to do this.
It's a lot of work it's going to take us a lot of time.
We could just click wants to add one.
If it began it's going to just add twice.
You know you could cheat with this.
We can do is just said in the in the on the browser just said something to the local storage saying
that you already bought it and if you did just block it but you're not going to do that we're going
to do something else we're going to go to the next one and the next section to give us time to this.
We're going to make this better.
And then we're going to go to the next section which is going to be the teams section just show the
teams and filter the teams.